== README
The Writers Bench is an application that serves as a leison between Muralist and Business owners and clients seeking artists for projects. Both artists and clients are able to make profiles, create a gallery of images and a description of their needs and inspirations.  Clients upload photos of project types and or subjects, a description of what they desire and their budget.  Artists are able to then view projects available and place bids on projects competing for projects.

The goal of this app is to fill the growing desire for Business owners and real estate developers to contact muralist. Businesses are slowly understanding that connecting to their community actually improves business and their ability to interact and even expand in the community especially i areas undergoing high gentrifacation.  

The LA street art gallery approached me with this need and problem in mind.  Writers bench connection/collective is my solution to this problem.









link to page:https://writers-bench-connection.herokuapp.com/

Trello: https://trello.com/b/GA3QfHrw/project-2




This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
